    JUSTIFY CONTENT:-The justify-content property aligns the flexible container's items
     when the items do not use all available space on the main-axis (horizontally).
     Tip: Use the align-items property to align the items vertically.

     example:-
     Value       	Description	
flex-start    	Default value. Items are positioned at the beginning of the container	
flex-end	    Items are positioned at the end of the container	
center	        Items are positioned in the center of the container	
space-between	Items will have space between them	
space-around	Items will have space before, between, and after them	
space-evenly	Items will have equal space around them	
initial     	Sets this property to its default value. Read about initial	
inherit     	Inherits this property from its parent element. Read about inherit


ALIGN ITEMS:-The align-items property specifies the default alignment for items inside a flexbox or grid container.
In a flexbox container, the flexbox items are aligned on the cross axis, which is vertical by default (opposite of flex-direction).
In a grid container, the grid items are aligned in the block direction. For pages in English, block direction is downward and inline direction is left to right.
For this property to have any alignment effect, the items need available space around themselves in the appropriate direction.
Tip: Use the align-self property of each item to override the align-items property.

example:-

Value	        Description	
normal	      Default. Behaves like 'stretch' for flexbox and grid items, or 'start' for grid items with a defined block size.	
stretch	      Items are stretched to fit the container	
center	      Items are positioned at the center of the container	
flex-start    Items are positioned at the beginning of the container	
flex-end	  Items are positioned at the end of the container	
start	      Items are positioned at the beginning of their individual grid cells, in the block direction	
end           Items are positioned at the end of the their individual grid cells, in the block direction	
baseline	  Items are positioned at the baseline of the container	
initial	      Sets this property to its default value. Read about initial	
inherit	     Inherits this property from its parent element. Read about inherit

GAP:-The gap property defines the size of the gap between the rows and between the columns in flexbox, grid or multi-column layout.
 It is a shorthand for the following properties:

row-gap
column-gap
Note: The gap property was formerly known as grid-gap.

example:-

Value	     Description	
row-gap	     Sets the size of the gap between the rows in a grid or flexbox layout	
column-gap	 Sets the size of the gap between the columns in a grid, flexbox or multi-column layout	
initial	     Sets this property to its default value. Read about initial	
inherit	     Inherits this property from its parent element. Read about inherit

FLEX DIRECTION:-The flex-direction property specifies the direction of the flexible items.
Note: If the element is not a flexible item, the flex-direction property has no effect.

example:-

Value	         Description	
row     	    Default value. The flexible items are displayed horizontally, as a row	
row-reverse  	Same as row, but in reverse order	
column	         The flexible items are displayed vertically, as a column	
column-reverse   Same as column, but in reverse order	
initial	         Sets this property to its default value. Read about initial	
inherit	        Inherits this property from its parent element. Read about inherit


FLEX WRAP:-The flex-wrap property specifies whether the flexible items should wrap or not.
Note: If the elements are not flexible items, the flex-wrap property has no effect.

example:-


Value	       Description	
nowrap    	  Default value. Specifies that the flexible items will not wrap	
wrap	      Specifies that the flexible items will wrap if necessary	
wrap-reverse  Specifies that the flexible items will wrap, if necessary, in reverse order	
initial	      Sets this property to its default value. Read about initial	
inherit	     Inherits this property from its parent element. Read about inherit